# v1.0.0-5

- Introduced viewing novels - now you can read downloaded novels in your collection in TXT or EPUB format
- The app migrated to Tauri v2
- Started logging changes here for better record

# v1.0.0-4 (25-Aug-24)

- Significantly improved collection loading time. All async operations now run in parallel on multiple threads
- Now collection is loaded in chunks - that is, you don't need to wait for all the works to load to see stuff
- Further enhanced the look of the app
- Introduced window fullscreen mode (press F11 to activate)

# v1.0.0-3 (05-Aug-24)

- The app is finally migrated to Tauri!
- In the process of migration design of the app was slightly reworked
- The backend is now written in Rust. This should, hopefully, allow loadings to be much faster in the future
- Collection search was completely reworked, and through many troubles and hard work now does support Japanese language properly.
- Also the search now works in its own dedicated web-worker and is much-much faster, thanks to FlexSearch!
- There is now output console where you can see all the problems with loading of your collection
- Fixed many bugs, that could often crush the app
- Also, the app bundle is now very lightweight and the app uses native WebView on Windows, thanks to Tauri!
- Version naming changed a bit as I haven't found a way to use letters in version name in Tauri :)

# v1.0.0-alpha.2 (07-May-24)

- Reworked how favorites are stored. Now they are saved in the root of the collection in the `.favorites` file.
- Reduced time needed to decode images by reusing elements
- Fixed some minor bugs

# v1.0.0-alpha.1 (16-Apr-24)

- Search by title, tags, description and author
- Automatic romaji-to-kana conversion in the search field
- All information parsed from metadata files generated by [Powerful Pixiv Downloader](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/powerful-pixiv-downloader/dkndmhgdcmjdmkdonmbgjpijejdcilfh)
- You can add works to favorites to rewatch them later
- It is possible to load several collections and switch between them on the fly
- Convenient navigation with keyboard. Every feature is available without the need to touch a mouse
- And, of course, there is a light and a dark theme
